{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf340
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red53\green53\blue53;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{hyphen\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8259 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww7040\viewh11360\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf0 ABOUT GUARDEN \
\

\fs24 Guarden is a web-based application that allows users to analyze the spatial distribution of local community gardens in the city of Vancouver, BC. The application is designed to be used on tablets and desktops. However, basic location of gardens can also be utilized on a smartphone. \
\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf2 This app is designed to serve the user in 2 ways. The first is by familiarizing the user to community gardens in their neighbourhood. The second is providing the tools to engage in the analytical potential of these large Vancouver Open Source Data sets through data visualization. \
\
AVAILABLE WIDGETS AND THEIR USE\
\
Features on Map\

\b Swipe Widget
\b0 \'97Compare Census data by selecting the layer you want to swipe\

\b Analysis Widget
\b0 \'97Analyze data by using the various analysis tools such as Extracting Data and finding Hot Spots. \

\b Chart Widget
\b0 \'97Summarize attributes such as Community Gardens in your area into a bar chart to quickly visualize trends.\

\b Home Widget
\b0 \'97Takes you back to your original map extent.\

\b Locate Me Widget
\b0 \'97Shows your location on the map. \

\b Zoom In/Out Widget
\b0 \'97Changes map extent to see features on larger or smaller scale.\
\
Sidebar\

\b Legend Widget
\b0 \'97View legend to identify map features.\

\b Layers Widget
\b0 \'97Selecting a layer will make it visible on a map. Un-selecting it will make it not visible.\

\b Propose or Suggest a Garden Widget
\b0 \'97Rate community gardens by clicking on an attribute on the map. To Propose a widget, select the draw tab. To make a review, select a layer on the drop down menu\'97>select Community Garden\'97> Fill in window and rate urgency of rating from scale of 1(low urgency) to 5 (high urgency).\

\b Bookmark Widget
\b0 \'97Save features of interest to you by entering their feature name (accessible by double clicking feature).
\b  \
Other Panel Widget
\b0 \'97Expand the other panel widget to learn more about the importance of community gardens in a city.\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
FEATURES\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Presents pre-assessed community garden feature layer showing areas of low to high concern based on road proximity and crime incidents\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Shows nearest routes and locations of community gardens to each community centres\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Users can assess density and spatial distribution of census using enriched Total population (2015) and Average Household Income layers\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Users can contribute assessments of Gardens using \'91Propose or Report a Garden\'92 widget. \
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Application can be used by all browsers supported by ArcGIS Online\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
GENERAL HELP\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 ESRI Arc Online: <{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://doc.arcgis.com/en/arcgis-online/"}}{\fldrslt http://doc.arcgis.com/en/arcgis-online/}}>\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
SOURCES\
Created using ESRI Arc Online App Builder 2016\
Data provided by Vancouver Open Data Source <{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://vancouver.ca/your-government/open-data-catalogue.aspx"}}{\fldrslt http://vancouver.ca/your-government/open-data-catalogue.aspx}}>\
\
Team Spatial Tides\
Amrit Pardhkar, Naina Mehta, and Mariah Wong\
Simon Fraser University\
\
}