{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Cambria;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red26\green26\blue26;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri720

\f1 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 ESRI App Challenge 2016\
\
Group Members: Nicole Bird & Kyle Wittenberg\
\
Mission Statement: The HRM Sea Level Rise app allows users to visualize the effects that sea level rise could have on their homes and communities along the Halifax harbour. With climate change as a popular growing concern, this app will be important to bring local awareness to the impacts of sea level change.  \
\
Characteristics: The app allows users to select an address or a location of interest and one of three sea level rise heights to demonstrate what area will be covered by water in each case. The slider tool creates a visual comparison between the available levels.  The three selectable layers include a 1 meter, 10 meter and 65 meter option, ranging from possible to worst \'96case scenarios. \
\
Video: in file \
\
ReadMe: \
\
1, Open HRM Sea Level Rise 1m, 10m, 65m App in arc online\
\
2.  Type an address or area of interest into the ESRI World Geocoder search box  or, alternatively use the select track location tool to zoom to your current location \
\
3. Once you have selected a location, select which layer you want to be visible on the map from the layer list on the right of the screen. To compare all three levels of sea level rise, select all three layers from the layer list. \
\
4.  Use the swipe tool on the left hand side of the screen to select one of three levels of sea level rise to view it\'92s layer against the previous selected layer.\
\
5. Use your mouse to pull the swipe bar across the map and compare how the sea level rise affects your area of interest! \
\
Attention: There is a lot of data in this app, poor internet connection may require patience! \
}